you could be losing thousands of dollars
every single day with a simple
structural error when running Facebook
ads for your Shopify store even if you
have a million-dollar product and a
Flawless custom coded website if you
aren't targeting the right group of
people that are going to have the
highest potential to buy from you you
just aren't going to make any money so
in this video I'm going to cover exactly
how to set up a basic baseb guy that'll
help you pinpoint a specific audience to
direct your traffic to to hopefully
receive results like mine or even better
and the cool thing is that you can
literally use this exact strategy on any
product you're trying to sell if you
guys are new here my name is Andy I've
been building e commer brands for the
past four years I've generated over
seven figures on multiple online stores
and I'm just here sharing my knowledge
trying to provide as much value and
transparency as I can to the YouTube
platform all right before we get into
this video I want to quickly raffle off
the winners of the free one-on-one call
giveaway these will be sessions where
you can ask me anything you want
e-commerce related so let's go hop into
the computer on the comments picker so
all you had to do was basically say a
place that you wanted to go comment like
and of course subscribe so let's go pick
these winners first winner is George
siah I'll be messaging you guys right
after this and then next winner elas
ilas and then the last winner of the
giveaway Shan Jan all right those are
the three winners of the giveaway I also
want to give a big shout out to all you
guys that subscribed we hit 10K
subscribers in less than 2 weeks that's
absolutely wild I appreciate the support
so much it means the world to me but
without further ado let's get into this
video all right so the first thing that
you need to do before setting up any ads
or running any AD campaigns is to set up
your business manager and your business
manager what you can think of it as
essentially like a big organizing folder
and that encompasses all of your data so
your Facebook pages your ad accounts
your pixels and you can also Grant
someone access to your business manager
from there once they have access they
can go in and View and edit any data
within it now you can create up to two
of these business managers per personal
Facebook account but remember someone
can grant you access to their business
manager meaning that if you have a lot
of friends technically you really don't
have limit now we're going to go in and
create our business manager how do we do
that we got to go to this URL right here
business. face.com
overview once we go there we're going to
get directed to this page you're going
to be on your personal account hit this
create button and then we're going to
name it I like to name my story name uh
no one can actually see this it's just
for
yourself um it's my m example store name
my name this is not my account by the
way it's just a random account and then
we're going to go in and put your email
once you put your email you're going to
have to go and verify that email and
then you're going to get directed to the
next page which we're going to go and
hop in again cool so once we've gone in
and verified the account through the
email we're going to be taking through
to a page just like this and now we're
going to go in and set up an ad account
so we're going to go to add accounts
we're going to go add and and then we're
going to create a new ad account now you
can just name this
add account
one and then next my
business create all right cool you're
going to select your name my business
name and then um we're going to go
select all these make sure all these
drop downs are selected full control and
then assign and then right here you can
add the payment info later but you're
going to want to make sure that you do
that I'm not going to do that for now
and then next we're going to go in and
set up a Facebook page really quick so
we're going to go hit pages right here
add a page same thing scroll down to
create a new page and then we're going
to go in right here for brand you're
going to name this whatever your brand
name is so mine for this example is
going to be Oak and press choose a
category this doesn't really matter I'm
just going to put brand create the page
all right the page is all set up and
then now we need to add people going to
go select my name right here this is my
example name remember that all full
control make sure you're selecting all
these drop downs assign all right cool
now that that's all done we're going to
go and create our pixel and Link our
Shopify account to our pixel so there's
two ways you can go about setting up
your pixel you can go into Data sources
right here and then set up pixels and
then you'll have to add yourself to it
and link it but I like to do it this way
so we're going to go to ads manager all
right cool then we're going to go and
just create a test campaign just just
like this create just hit conversions
continue none this really matters for
now cuz we're not going to use this just
hit next and then right here it should
pop up a website and then we're going to
hit create pixel okay create this pixel
and then we're going to name it you can
just do yeah ad count one's pixel or you
can name it your store name
L presses
pixel and then from here we're going to
just paste the URL of your website just
like that this is the example that I'm
using
continue and then partner
integration Shopify and then now I got
to go back into Shopify we're going to
go to the home when we're at home we're
going to go to online store scroll down
to preferences and then we're going to
scroll down again to set up pixel right
here we're just going to add this sales
Channel real
quick cool once this is added now we're
going to go connect our
account just like this and then once we
put in our password we're going to go
continue
continue all right and then we're going
to connect our business manager that we
made right here so connect this and then
we're also going to connect to the add
accounts once this pops up all right
domain verification for now you can just
put this usually you're just going to
want to go in and connect to your doom
with GoDaddy but we can skip this for
now and then select add account number
one we're going to add these we got to
view this of course
set all go back view this one accept it
it should be good
done all right and then we're going to
select the page that we created connect
that and then I like to just do
maximum oh what happened data sharing
usually I let to go maximum there we
go and then we're going to confirm all
this and that should be it for the pixel
installation so we can go back into our
ads manager and check that and put your
URL in and send this test traffic but
mine is password protected so I won't be
able to see that because I haven't
selected a plan yet so you can just go
and you know press add the cart you can
go to checkout and then come back and
see if it was properly set up and if
it's active and if it's active just like
it is here we should be all good and
ready to start running ads finish and
then for now I just close this close for
now and then just delete this so it
doesn't spend any money even though it's
in draft delete and then to be extra
safe you can even go in and set up one
of these Chrome extension so I like to
use this one pixel
helper Chrome extension let's go on to
Google and this is kind of just to
ensure that our Facebook pixel is
properly set up
right here Facebook pixel helper not
that one we can do is go to our
website just like this and then we can
start triggering off some events so we
can go here we can add to cart we can
press random things check out so I'm in
an incognito window so I'm not able to
see any of the Chrome extensions but on
your end if you have this all installed
you're going to be able to see whether
or not it's tracking all these events
like it would have hit the at the cart
the initiated checkout page and if it's
all checking off then it's all set up
properly and that's great and you're
probably just wondering why the hell I'm
putting so much attention to this pixel
thing but it's really important and I'm
going to go into it right now so yeah
your Facebook pixel is really really
important and what it is is essentially
it's just a piece of code that Facebook
gives you and you go and place that on
the back end of your Shopify store so
you can kind of think of it as the brain
of your website now if you don't have
your pixel well Facebook Instagram has
no idea who visited your website don't
know anything about those people but if
you have it on your website then they
know everything about that person and
everything about their family and where
they live and their interest I spoke
about this briefly on the last video but
to kind of give a little bit more
in-depth understanding what it does is
it tracks like I said every single
conversion event onto your website so
add to cards purchases uh view content
and so if you don't have any of this
track then you're not collecting any
data and it's kind of useless to even be
running ads because then Facebook is
going going in blindly they don't know
too much about who your desired audience
is and then it's just going to be a very
high cost per purchase but as you gather
data throughout the years each day your
pixel becomes smarter and smarter until
it gets to a point where it knows
exactly who it needs to be targeting to
have that low cost per purchase now that
the pixel is properly
installed now we come to the fun part
we're going to go in and create our
first campaign all right now we're going
to set up our first campaign so first
step is to hit the green button create
optimizing for conversions we want
people to convert so we're going to hit
conversions next name
this uh campaign so we are going in cold
right people that have no idea who our
brand is so we're going cold single
interest and then we're going to go I'm
going to
Target let's say
us/canada and then add one which is
going to be a video ad I'm not going to
be doing a campaign budget optimization
I like to scale with campaign budget
optimization AKA CBO I like to do adset
level budgeting so the budget is per
adset instead of on the entirety of the
campaign so if it's a $50 a day campaign
that $50 depending on how many adsets
you have if you have five adsets it's
going to be distributed differently but
if you're on adset level budgeted then
it's going to be exactly if you have
five adset $5 $5 $5 $5 so that's all
conent on how a certain adset is
performing but we don't know which of
these interests are going to work yet so
that's why I like to do it this way all
right there we go the pixel is linked
and then the conversion event first of
all make sure that you are pressing
right here conversion event location is
website got your pixel all good there
the conversion event that we want to
choose is purchase we want people that
are going to purchase right scroll down
here daily budget per adset if we're
going to have five of these or 10 of
these let's just do 10 for now I'm going
to do a $5 ad set daily budget okay so
that's $5 on each one I'm going to edit
my location not targeting the
Philippines we going to Target United
States states right here go select the
country and then
Canada make sure you're selecting
country and we're going to scroll down
to age range I like to keep it pretty
broad when I'm first going in sell in a
product cuzz I let Facebook do their
thing gender like to keep that Broad and
now once we get to the interest this is
all contingent on what you are selling
so what I'm selling right now if we go
to my Shopify for this example store I'm
selling this UV phone sanitizer thing
right so now what I want to think of is
interest people that have uh an interest
in something like this what are they
going to like well this is like cleaning
so I could do
cleaning I could could do cleaning is at
11 million I could do Clorox various
Brands so I kind of like to mix it up
when I first start go pretty broad as I
said so I go with clox as the brand
which is 9 million to 11 million okay so
the target audience right here is 4 4.5
to 5.3 million that's pretty nice I
don't like to go anything below 500,000
nothing more to 75 to 100 million cuz
then if you go above that it's too broad
if you go low then it's uh it's too
narrow okay Auto placements I let
Facebook do their thing and then we're
going to go next onto the ad creative so
this is what this is exactly what your
audience is going to see so this is
going to be add number one which is a
video I'm going to go select my
Instagram account which I don't have so
you guys can go and Link yours your
Facebook page is going to be here and
then right here single image or video so
I'm going to be doing a video let me
just go in and import my video just give
me a second add my video all right cool
now I'm going to go upload my video and
then my primary text is going to be
what's placed right above my
video all right so right here you're
going to try and best describe your
product so with
mine I said did you know Americans on
average check their phones every 12
minutes now just imagine all the gunk
that gets clustered onto it let's fix
that with our new and improved UV phone
sanitizer kills 99.9% of germs fits all
all smartphones wireless charging
radiant and Mercury 3 so I like to bring
some humor into it you don't have to but
I like to connect with the audience and
in some way get people to laugh as you
can see it's a little bit too long
obviously you can edit it maybe take one
of these right here out just like that
just so it fits the criteria the
headline is going to be what is right
here and then below that is going to be
the uh description so for me anything
right here like limited quantity
lied
quantity quantity
4.7
stars
stars kind of play around with it if
you're running only Instagram ads this
won't show up this is just for Facebook
as you can see if we refresh onto the
Instagram feed you're just going to see
that right
there and then Facebook obviously is
going to have should refresh I don't
know why it's refreshing all right so
you're going to go and select the
product page right here I'm going to
select this product page just like so
and this is what I'm going to paste as
my website URL and this is where they're
going to get directed to and then the
call to action we want to change we
don't want it to say learn more like it
is right here I'm going to change it to
shop now we want people to shop now
right want to make it obvious even
though it's this obvious sometimes you'd
be surprised a lot of people are like I
don't know where to buy it it's like
shop now is right there but yeah that's
now a lot more obvious and this is what
it looks like on Instagram this is what
it's going to look like on Facebook and
then once this is all done we're not
done yet so we're going to go and
publish this really quick and then we
will be back all right so I completely
forgot that you have to add your payment
info in order to publish and I'm not
going to put my pay info now but here I
changed the adset name to my interest so
we're able to identify which interests
are working best and so what we're going
to do here is duplicate this add set
nine times so we have in total 10 not
hard math okay and then we're going to
go here select the first one doesn't
really matter we're going to scroll down
to our interest and this is where we're
going to change our interest the only
variable here is going to be the
interest which we are going to change
everything else is going to stay
consistent all right so we're going to
scroll down to this interest we're going
to hit this suggestion bar it's going to
get us a good idea of what is similar
within this same nich so here we got
fabreze Mr Clean Lysol Windex okay so
I'm going to go hit Lysol let's choose
Lysol and make sure that we remove the
initial one which was Clorox okay and
then we're going to copy this
Lysol can also look at the uh the size
4.5 to 5.3 million all right we're going
to go to the top and this is what we are
going to name our adset okay and we're
going to do the same thing kind of have
some variety here with what you can also
do is uh you know go to another ad set
maybe four of them do Brands two three
of them do various actions okay so here
I'm going to do let's say
cleaning
cleaning 11 million all right and then
now look at our audience size is Now 37
to 44 million so now we're going to go
here uh copy this obviously it's going
to be a lot higher because more people
are interested in cleaning than a
specific spefic Lysol brand of Clorox
okay so you're going to continue to do
this nine more times until each of these
are different all right and then once
you do that you're going to go ahead and
publish this entire campaign so all
these adsets are going to be $5 a day
and the entirity of your daily budget is
going to be $50 after you publish this
it's going to go into review once it's
active that's when it starts to spend
money so this video is simply the setup
process if you guys want me to go more
in depth as to how I go about scaling
these adsets comment below and I'll
dedicate a video to some of the
strategies that worked really well for
me now so last one was pretty much a
basic rundown of how to run Facebook ads
at a beginner's level and start testing
various interests to pinpoint your exact
audiences you need to be targeting going
down the road and there's tons of more
complexities of Facebook ads but
everyone's got to start from somewhere I
could talk for literally hours and hours
about Facebook ads but we'll just leave
it at that if you guys enjoy this video
and got some value out of it and you
want me to make more content just like
this please leave a like and sub comment
below and I'll see you guys in the next
video peace